# Forcefield Parameters

Forcefield parameters in this folder were obtained from the OpenMM official repositories:

1. https://github.com/openmm/openmmforcefields
1. https://github.com/openmm/openmm

OpenMM XML files follow MIT Licensing:

*Extracted from: https://github.com/openmm/openmmforcefields/blob/master/LICENSE*

```
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2016-2019 by
    Chodera lab // Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center
    Pande group // Stanford University

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```

# Dunbrack BB dependent SD library

`dun2010bbdep.bin` was obtained from [FASPR repository](https://github.com/tommyhuangthu/FASPR/tree/f0e6a6d8e8312f34341203f2600cf18df252cab1).

FASPR repository is licensed under MIT License. An integral copy of that license as found in the FASPR repository is displayed bellow:

```
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020 Xiaoqiang Huang

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```

# BGEO.tar file

`bgeo.tar` file was created using `$ idpconfgen bgeo -c` interface from
the culled list of structures obtained from the [PISCES repository](http://dunbrack.fccc.edu/PISCES.php),
file name: `cullpdb_pc90_res1.6_R0.25_d210211_chains9286`.
